okay dude what is up now if you watch
the last episode you should have saw
that we finally got offered a four star
crystal offer now I did say I wasn't
gonna buy these anymore because the fire
stars are coming out but it just seems
like the five stars are literally
dragging themselves out now I don't know
why they're taking so long but they just
taking ridiculously long except for you
know what what the heck the crystal king
is here and I have literally gone
crystal madigan like you don't
understand guys I've literally opened up
loads of crystals and I'm gonna open up
more and more crystals as time goes on
because I feel like we've had like a a
little a little peek quiet time in
opening these crystals so now I want to
literally just go crazy insane and open
up all these crystals I can actually
open I'm not gonna stop guys I'm
literally you understand I have gone
crystal mad like insanely crystal mad so
first of all before we open this I
wanted to show you my champions I wanna
show you my force like champions because
what I'm what I'm hoping here is that we
actually don't get no duplicates All
Right see can you see that they've got a
five stars there but it just not come in
for some reason alright so these are our
four stars so now let's just go down I'm
I'm hoping that if we gonna do if we
could do electro and let this one
because a lot of people saying if i do
per litter out he should not Rocket
Raccoon off now that will be crazy and
saying awesome if we knock off all
rocketry could not be really cool we've
awakened are obviously we've waking
loads of our top ones the only one
that's not awakened is electro at the
top and he's literally supposed some of
these ones that all wakened as well so
I've actually got faith that he could
actually take over Rocket Raccoon which
we call I'm a bit disappointed that that
Deadpool you can't get him in crystals
it would be really cool awesome if we
could do part I Deadpool but with a lot
I mean only if we're not even a lot
everyone's saying to taking Deadpool in
a realm of Legends because he's
regeneration I haven't actually going
awaken so I don't think there's actually
any point a lot of people saying there's
no point of taking Deadpool
if he's not awakened so that's the
reason that we've not going to take
Deadpool hopefully we can open up maybe
like I don't know like one with Colossus
hog dr. strange would be really really
awesome but dudes as you can see these
ones ain't awakened here if we do get do
I'm hoping someone we haven't awakened
then we just don't do someone that we've
already got because I'd be really really
disappointing so let's go and finally
open this 4-star crystal dudes you don't
understand like I haven't got a
four-star for probably like a hundred
and fifty putting crystals others a
premium Krista days but it's like if you
add up all the premium crystals and all
the special crystals that literally spin
over a hundred and fifty now or near 150
I know is we're at 150 my crystal that
I've opened up not got known for stars
so that's the reason why I actually
bought this 4-star crystal I look so
good done it the cadet let's put it on
it is about time we actually get a
4-star like just looking at these four
stars they look so nice look we're
finally we're going to get four star I
can't believe it like hallelujah
hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah
hallelujah is about time like lychee
don't understand guys it odd Magneto's
in there Ultron's in there Daredevils in
there are there's so many you know who
we gonna get all right my belly's
starting to get nervous now go spider
bad oh yeah we got spider-man oh that is
awesome Oh boss thought spider-man yeah
oh my god I that's good we got a spider
man oh my god all right that is awesome
I was literally always getting
SuperDuper nervous that we might got
someone that we already got that we've
awakened already and now would have been
a little bit disappointed but we've got
a code that we haven't got which is
sobota burrows I wish because spider-man
perform had all him science isos um dude
yes yes yes yes we finally got
spider-man oh my god I've been waiting
to get spider-man for ages so we need to
do now is dupe spider-man for he's
invade ability and he's gonna be
literally insanely cool I can't believe
we got Spiderman finally guys oh yes
all right let's go back and check out
arm let's go to upgrade champion let's
go and check out our roster now and we
can add a hit add in our supply demand
finally oh my god yes okay so let's go
down to the bomb he's gonna be at the
bomb he's overweight in his 768 let's go
and check him out let's go and check out
our four star suburban oh yes all right
upgrade no information that's what we
want okay so Oh spider-man look back
sexy gold trimming guys oh my god that
sexy go trim it just makes him look at
10 times I'm more awesome than a normal
spider-man yes i love it i love you i
absolutely love it oh my god he just
looks totally different I look at my
freestar spider-man he looks awesome but
in just looking at this sexy gold
trimming around edges and he looked at n
times a better alright so the four-star
whoo oh my god also have you guys um
ranked one obviously in level one him
he's attributes in a moment is a his
health is 2520 and he's attack is 288
guys alright so spider sense obviously
that's when he the availability we have
to awaken him now he's a base here is
precision for which is awesome who got
armor break which is two and if feasible
or what is that I've never actually seen
that um could this actually tell you
what it is I don't think I might be this
one has a special one attack abilities
here each champions and I doesn't
actually tell you what it actually is I
don't know what mfortable is if you guy
couldn't tell me what that is infeasible
that'd be pretty awesome election is
here it's like it's like a great hours i
don't know if that's a if he's you know
i don't even know I don't know why he's
been great out um but we got spider-man
I can't believe me I was so nervous
who's gonna get like something like
Captain America again I thought of that
Oh required likely she's like oh but
we've got spider-man awesome dudes yes
we're gonna level up spider-man guys
we're gonna take spider-man to the today
to to level 10 that's what we're gonna
do in the next video I'm gonna take up
spider-man 2 level
guys all right dudes so we'll see you
guys no actually I think we should I
want to just look at spy us say we're
gonna see you next episode bye don't
even want to finish it this year look
how cool the spider-man looks oh my god
he looks so awesome so happy I got a
four star crystal now oh my god is
spiderman spiderman spiderman he does
whatever a spider man does dooby doo DVD
DVD DVD to do okay do too now we'll see
you in the next episode dudes